Add known issue for zero memory on Debian 8 (#1528)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/anomaly-detection/ml-troubleshooting.asciidoc

DELETE temp_ml_config
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]

[discrete]
[[ml-debian8-memory]]
== Suboptimal job assignment on Debian 8

> Where possible {ml} jobs are assigned to nodes based on the memory requirement

Reviewer: I read this as "...possible ML jobs...", which didn't make sense, so I suggest adding a comma here:
```suggestion
Where possible, {ml} jobs are assigned to nodes based on the memory requirement
```

of the job and the memory available on the node. However, in certain cases, the
amount of memory on a node cannot be accurately determined, and then jobs are
assigned by balancing numbers of jobs per {ml} node. It may lead to
a situation where all the jobs with high memory requirements are on one node and the less memory-intensive jobs on
another.

> {es} fails to determine the amount of memory on a machine that is

Reviewer: I found the connection between the first and second paragraph to be unclear. Are these Debian 8 scenarios the only "certain cases" referred to in the first paragraph, or just one example of that? I think it would help to start the second paragraph with "For example,..." or "In particular,..." or something like that to bridge the gap.

> {es} fails

running Debian 8 with the default Cgroups setup, and certain updates of Java
versions earlier than Java 15.  For example, Java 8u271 is known to be affected
while Java 8u272 is not. Java 15 was fixed from its initial release.

If you are running {es} on Debian 8 with an old version of Java and
have not already modified the Cgroups setup then it is recommended to do one of the
following:

1. Upgrade Java to version 15.
2. Upgrade to the latest Java update for the version of Java you are running.
3. Enable the "memory" Cgroup by editing `/etc/default/grub` and adding:

> 

Reviewer: This command is not being indented properly, so I think you need to add a continuation section like this:
```suggestion
+
--
```

```
GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="quiet cgroup_enable=memory swapaccount=1"
```

Then update your GRUB configuration by running:

```
sudo update-grub

> ```

Reviewer: If you add the continuation section, you need to close it:
```suggestion
```
--
```

> And finally reboot the machine.

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but I'd put this in the ordered list too:
```suggestion
4.  Reboot the machine.
```

Author: Although I originally committed this, on re-reading more carefully I remembered this is part of step 3.  You only need to choose any 1 from steps 1, 2 and 3.  I have tried to add `+` and `--` markings to bind the whole of step 3 together better.

But is it against the Elastic style to put "pick any one" options in numbered lists?  Should these three options be in a bulleted list instead?

Reviewer: Oh wow, I totally skimmed over the "do one of the following...".  I agree they should be a bulleted list instead of a numbered list to make that more obvious.

DELETE temp_ml_config
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]

[discrete]
[[ml-debian8-memory]]
== Suboptimal job assignment on Debian 8

Where possible {ml} jobs are assigned to nodes based on the memory requirement

> of the job and the memory available on the node. This breaks down when the
> amount of memory on a node cannot be accurately determined, and then jobs are
> assigned simply by balancing numbers of jobs per {ml} node. This could lead to
> a situation where all the big jobs are on one node and all the small jobs on
> another.

Reviewer 2: Nit. Please feel free to ignore my suggestion if you think it does not fit. I wanted to specify a bit more accurately what "big" and "small" mean. 

```suggestion
of the job and the memory available on the node. However, in certain cases, the
amount of memory on a node cannot be accurately determined, and then jobs are
assigned by balancing numbers of jobs per {ml} node. It may lead to
a situation where all the jobs with high memory requirements are on one node and the less memory-intensive jobs on
another.
```

> Elasticsearch will fail to determine the amount of memory on a machine that is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{es} fails to determine the amount of memory on a machine that is
```

running Debian 8 with the default Cgroups setup, and certain updates of Java
versions earlier than Java 15.  For example, Java 8u271 is known to be affected

> while Java 8u272 is not.  Java 15 was fixed from its initial release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
while Java 8u272 is not. Java 15 was fixed from its initial release.
```

> If you are running Elasticsearch on Debian 8 with an old version of Java and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running {es} on Debian 8 with an old version of Java and
```

> have not already modified the Cgroups setup then you should do one of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
have not already modified the Cgroups setup then it is recommended to do one of the
```

following:

> 1. Upgrade Java to version 15

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade Java to version 15.
```

> 2. Upgrade to the latest Java update for the version of Java you are running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Upgrade to the latest Java update for the version of Java you are running.
```
